[docs] specify how to use rustup in a Dockerfile (#462)
gitpod-io/website: src/docs/rust-in-gitpod.md

* The blazing-fast workspace search is powered by [ripgrep](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep)

## Rust Version

> By default Rust `v1.39.0 stable` is installed in Gitpod, but you can change to the nightly version of Rust with `rustup default nightly` to change it locally, however, if you try to run it in your Dockerfile you might get the following

Reviewer: I got confused by the phrasing. Here is a suggestion to clarify:

```suggestion
Rust `v1.39.0 stable` is pre-installed by default in Gitpod. You can also switch to the nightly version of Rust by running `rustup default nightly` in a terminal.

Note: If you try to use `rustup` in your Dockerfile, you might get the following error:
```

```
/bin/sh: rustup command not found
```

> To fix this you should use this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fix this you'll need to wrap the `rustup` command in a login shell, like so:
```

* The blazing-fast workspace search is powered by [ripgrep](https://github.com/BurntSushi/ripgrep)

## Rust Version

> Rust `v1.39.0 stable` is pre-installed by default in Gitpod. You can also switch to the nightly version of Rust by running `rustup default nightly` in a terminal.

Reviewer: Actually this makes it sound like nightly is maybe not installed.

```suggestion
Both Rust `v1.39.0 stable` and `nightly` are pre-installed in Gitpod. Stable is the default, but you can switch to the nightly version of Rust by running `rustup default nightly` in a terminal.
```
